Accordion: add a Getting Started tutorial (#3672)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Accordion/00 Getting Started with Accordion/15 Control the Accordion Behavior.md

> If you do not specify additional properties, only one panel can be expanded at a time. To change this behavior, set the [collapsible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/collapsible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#collapsible') and [multiple](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/multiple.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#multiple') properties to _true_. You can also change the duration of the panel expand and collapse animations.

Author: ```suggestion
If you do not specify additional properties, only one panel can be expanded at a time. To change this behavior, set the [collapsible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/collapsible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#collapsible') and [multiple](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/multiple.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#multiple') properties to **true**. You can also change the duration of the panel expand and collapse animations.
```

> If you do not specify the additional properties, only one panel can be in the expanded state at one moment. To change this, switch the [collapsible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/collapsible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#collapsible') and [multiple](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/multiple.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#multiple') properties to _true_. You can also change the duration of animation when panels open and close.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify additional properties, only one panel can be expanded at a time. To change this behavior, set the [collapsible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/collapsible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#collapsible') and [multiple](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxAccordion/1%20Configuration/multiple.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxAccordion/Configuration/#multiple') properties to _true_. You can also change the duration of the panel expand and collapse animations.
```
